GetDiskSpaceInformationW: Fix wrong return values (#2022)
MicrosoftDocs/sdk-api: sdk-api-src/content/fileapi/nf-fileapi-getdiskspaceinformationw.md

## -returns

> Returns `S_OK` if the function succeeds, or a value from [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/seccrypto/common-hresult-values) if it fails. To get extended error information, call the `GetLastError` function.

Reviewer: Some tweaks to wording and avoiding absolute URLs with region info.
```suggestion
Returns `S_OK` if the function succeeds, or a value from [Common HRESULT Values](/windows/win32/seccrypto/common-hresult-values) if it fails. You can call [GetLastError](/windows/win32/api/errhandlingapi/nf-errhandlingapi-getlasterror) for extended error information.
```
